List system metadata (#654)
Sage-Bionetworks/synapseDocs: articles/annotation_and_query.md

{% include note.html content="You will only be able to query the files you currently have permission to access." %}

Queries in Synapse look SQL-like and you can query any Table or View with `<synId>`.

```sql
SELECT * FROM <synId> WHERE <expression>
```

The <expression> section are the conditions for limiting a search. Every entity has system metadata useful for searching:

> - All entities (Projects, Files, Folders, Tables/Views, Docker containers): `id`, `name`, `createdOn`, `createdBy`, modifiedOn, `modifiedBy`, `etag`, `type`, `parentId`, `benefactorId`, `projectId`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All entities (Projects, Files, Folders, Tables/Views, Docker containers): `id`, `name`, `createdOn`, `createdBy`, `modifiedOn`, `modifiedBy`, `etag`, `type`, `parentId`, `benefactorId`, `projectId`
```

- Versionable entities (Files, Table/Views): `currentVersion`

- Files only: `dataFileHandleId`

> File also have md5, file size and content type as properties. These properties are not available in a View and not searchable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Files also have an `contentMd5`, `contentSize` and `contentType` as properties. These properties are not available in a View and are not searchable.
```
